Explain why conformance removal is not allowed (#108)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/language/contract-updatability.md

  pub struct Foo {
  }
  ```

>   This is because if there was a container of type `T` (i.e: an array `[T]` or dictionary `{R:T}`, etc.), 
>   and if a `Foo` value had been stored in that container, then that container value will become invalid,
>   as it will now hold a value that does not conform to `T`.

Reviewer: Maybe also mention fields:

```suggestion
  This is because if there was a container of type `T` (e.g., an array `[T]` or dictionary `{R:T}`, etc.), or a field of type `T`,
  and if a `Foo` value had been stored in that container or field, then that container value will become invalid,
  as it will now hold a value that does not conform to `T`.
```

Author: added https://github.com/onflow/cadence-lang.org/pull/109
